KOGITO-5564 - Release notes for breaking config changes on postgresql… (#3812)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/configuration/chap-kogito-configuring.adoc

</dependency>
----
--
.On Quarkus
Add the following properties to the `src/main/resources/application.properties` file in your {PRODUCT} project to configure PostgreSQL and to connect to the PostgreSQL server.
+
--
Replace the server host, port, credentials, and other information according to your PostgreSQL installation.

.Application properties to enable PostgreSQL persistence
[source]
------
kogito.persistence.type=postgresql
kogito.persistence.auto.ddl=true
kogito.persistence.query.timeout.millis=10000
quarkus.datasource.reactive.url=postgresql://localhost:5432/kogito
quarkus.datasource.username=kogito-user
quarkus.datasource.password=kogito-pass
------

> * `url`: This parameter can be customized according to the https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING/[connection string specification]. For a complete list of settings for Quarkus reactive datasource, please visit https://quarkus.io/guides/reactive-sql-clients#reactive-datasource[this guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `url`: This parameter can be customized according to the https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING/[connection string specification]. For a complete list of settings for Quarkus reactive datasource, see https://quarkus.io/guides/reactive-sql-clients#reactive-datasource[reactive datasource in Quarkus].
```

> * `auto.ddl`: This parameter indicates the application to run the scripts that create necessary tables. Ensure that you have the required permissions to run the script, which is convenient for testing and validation purposes. However, you can use your infrastructure to run the scripts in a more controlled environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `auto.ddl`: This parameter indicates the application to run the scripts that create necessary tables. Ensure that you have the required permissions to run the script, which is convenient for testing and validation purposes. However, you can use your infrastructure to run the scripts in a controlled environment.
```
